Keynote

CEOs 90% trust CIO, CFO.  20% trust CMO

Evolution underpins marketing
	Align w gravity
		First a nudge
			Maximize angle/motivation

Books
	Spend Geoffery Miller
	Daniel Kanehlan Fast Slow
	
	Influence by Roger Cialdini

50,000 years ago we are same people


Social Media Mastery
	take two minutes before you hit publish and ask " is this awesome?"
	
	
	
Most Internet Marketing "gurus" are clowns.

-Study shows people give more credence to anonymous reviews than reviews from friends?

Baby Boomers - hippies, Vietnam, women working, bucked trends, responsible for current corporate culture
Gen X - parents both worked, smallest generation in workforce
Gen Y - grew up with technology, most philanthropic with time, priorities: friends/family/flexibility


Psychographics - present to team

LinkedIn underutilized -- people have money

Make people think you think they're cool bc then they'll interact more

Get to friends of fans because best customers are probably friends/family of other customers

Fun posts web traffic +120%  ~40,000 impresssions

Industry posts web traffic +430% 25,000 impressions

Mental health Pinterest -- apply to domestic violence between friends

30 - 60s attention span for content videos

transcribe video, post to vimeo, wait 3-6 mo before publishing video to Youtube.
-bc it's your content, you want credit on your website not going to Youtube.  Establish authorship.
-copy and paste transcription underneath video on website.

if you have video listing gallery, it should be jpegs that each lead to a separate video page + transcription

Quality score: wisdom of crowds, users essentially vote on relevance of ads with their clickthrough rate being a vote %

AdRank function of quality score and how much you're willling to bid

QS x MaxCPC = AdRank



Mission:
Create world's largest online community of coin collectors and enthusiast.

Goal1
Utilize best practices from existing social media powerhouses
	Tactic1
		Research, evaluate and copy
		
Goal2
Establish ourselves was #1 worldwide authority on coin collecting content
	Tactic1
		
		
Goal of Awareness & Interest:
	Know, like, trust: 3 reqs to get somebody to buy from you
		A&I enables this
		
KPIs -- analagous for Social Media measuring to economic KPIs.

7 impressions before you start to remember something eg billboards.

Engagement creates more meaningful connection e.g. stone temple for wifi password

For most new businesses your best new customer is connected to a current customer

How to assign ROI to social media efforts
	1.  Focus on reach
		assign reasonable CPM rate to social impressions.
			industry rates: $8 cpm for organic/paid and $24 cpm for earned/viral
				LIMITATIONS not all impressions are the same.  doesn't measure overall reach of soc media
	


Facebook
	
	
	
Rosetta Stone 600% ROI TV, 650% ROI facebook


Proactive Reputation Managment

Reasons people write reivews is to feel part of community and recognition from peers

90% of consumers trust recos from people they know 70% from anonymous

Monitor your landscape

"Doing PR during a crisis is like eating healthy during a heart attack""


Deal with negative reviews offline

monitoring reviews online
ecinity.com

socialmention.com

Maza's fresh web explorer